no yo are you here for the girl sesh
i guess see i told you word about you
know the new word of mouth is the
internet right
right she said the internet was the new
word of mouth she's still here
hi camille hey what's up this is a baby
and a tummy mama yo
who is that that's indigo have you ever
skated before
no well maybe i could teach you how yes
i love you yeah you have the jerk
you're a jerk all right let's watch it
[ __ ] what do i do
go say hi i think i saw you earlier
looked like you're gonna say hey
but then you didn't no that wasn't me
time is precious that's the only thing i
try not to waste
[Applause]
so much i've been saying my grade the
hell you guys up to man it looks like
you're on some kind of [ __ ] mission
this girl has been talking [ __ ] and i'm
trying to find her oh hell no we're
about to mob yo we need to get out of
here we need to go
i thought it was her birthday it is yo
you following me you need to wash your
mouth
you're so volatile i never know what
you're gonna do next it's called being
down for my girls
i had your back peace you're welcome
oh [ __ ] what who are we hiding from i
don't need to explain myself
honey bear are you serious i want to
stop fighting the patriarchy
and just start helping the matriarchy
since when did you get all peaceful
since yesterday
[Music]
why are you holding on to baby so tight
how am i like i'm gonna get trapped i'll
let you know
i'm like a child i just learned is that
what it is
[Music]
i'm sorry i didn't think you would
actually
[Music]
this town's all about dreams and some of
my customers don't just come here for
gas
what's the password again dreamlands
dreamland i want to go to dreamland get
in the car with them
have a drink maybe you know sometimes
sometimes you have to service them no i
came here to be a movie star
i want to take the story of hollywood
and give it a rewrite
this has a picture that we're very
excited about
it's about fame and what hollywood does
to people
this is our screenwriter archie coleman
pleasure to meet you
you're colored i love it
if we change the way that movies are
made
i think you can change the world i want
you to be the star
really if you want something you have to
declare it i'll do anything
i am not just a star i am a star maker
all right everyone
[Music]
and suddenly everything goes dark again
this feeling is nothing new
i'm angry i'm scared but what i'm not is
surprised
i will not live in fear [ __ ] these white
people in charge they don't play fair so
why should we
think about whether you win or lose
what's important
is being in the room
is hollywood kid i can make that dream
of yours come true
but are they gonna mean anything if this
is what i do to get it
we will not be bullied this is just the
beginning
we aren't just making a movie
we're making history and the winner is
you've got this silly dream in your head
and it's making our lives harder
you bet i got a dream i'm not the only
one
the hollywood dream that's everybody's
dream
vivian i'd like to introduce you to a
client this is rock hudson
so i take it you're in gone with the
wind yeah
are you [ __ ] kidding she's goddamn
scarlett o'hara you [ __ ] hazy his
vitals are dropping we're losing him
we really want to upload we could be
together forever
you're so amazing but forever
it's just like so long
uploads that way or's the other way what
do you want to do
three two one upload
hello nathan ten fingers and toes
pretty seamless this is the first day of
the rest of your afterlife
you may find yourself living in a
beautiful house
cool welcome to lakeview
uplifting views timeless americana
it's 10 am breakfast is over no
it's not even real food new guy coming
through
this one do i dare
dare yes boundaries
to you he thinks he's cute you may ask
yourself
how did i get here denied in-app
purchase required
is this what you look like for real
you're not some old dude or something
no this is me you're a little cutie so i
understand you're in a bad place
yesterday ah it's only weird if you make
it weird
[Applause]
[Music]
there's a guy might like what's he doing
he's in computers
you know you can walk on water whenever
you want no way
i'm not even supposed to be here nobody
feels like they should be here you think
i wanted to fall into the grand canyon
that's how you died they should expect
people to try and break the glass floor
i saw that video you dabbed on the way
down that's how you get the likes
foreign
[Music]
into the night
these genius aliens are smarter than any
man
who knows what game of chess they're
playing with us oh don't throw that out
i can sell it it has an
unstable gray hole inside you're an
unstable gray hole
nice that feels like i'm the only
scorpion who wants to escape this planet
what up we're aliens make room at the
table
you know terry everyone in the
neighborhood hates us you guys want some
peanut butter cookie
oh she's threatening us i'm freaking out
hey you guys
cool headphones what are you listening
to this table's for potters only
i could turn into a pod no making odd
people or any of that outer limits
[ __ ]
why are you dissecting your classmate
she was mean to us at school
i'm gonna beat you up really bad whose
ass was
gonna kick again just keep doing that
until she's cool wow it really is making
her dumber i can't believe humans drink
this stuff
we can make people like us courtesy of
corvo
oh my god i can feel my legs but these
are kind of hard to control you're
welcome
we may be trapped on this world on the
brink of mass extinction plagued by a
species that destroys the environment
but at least we have each other
[Applause]
i thought you weren't tricking kids down
anymore these are adults they love it
good night mr janitor
[Music]
what are we gonna do i can't go to
prison i don't have a butthole how am i
smuggling treats
you know what i do when i'm out of ideas
cocaine and then i get like a million
ideas at once
we're unlikable aren't we we'll have to
build new best
i'm fun fun bucket i'm corvo and this is
terry and we are your new best friends
[Music]
you guys aren't going to try to [ __ ] me
out are you no no no no no no no no
no no no wait i'm different microphone
gripping it that's how they do it
[Music]
and then you call me
hey hey i'm here for money what's wrong
with you
how much do we go
[Music]
your club has debts your club has big
problems
[Music]
some things here i can't just stop
how would you feel about playing the
song that i wrote where are you going
what is the problem nobody's having fun
trying to understand what am i doing
here
you are the one who's unprofessional
[Music]
foreign
wish you something like that last night
[ __ ] you
what did you do
wouldn't you call the police how's it
gonna look if i go to the cops steve
killed my husband
my boys can't lose me no one can ever
know what happened
hi i thought judy wasn't gonna be in our
life anymore guess you guys can't stay
away from each other huh
all i can think about is movies that
involve wood chippers or dissolving a
body in a bathtub that is the man i was
gonna bury
he deserves dignity i'm sorry judy not
everything is a disney movie's about to
start [ __ ] castle
[ __ ] sparkle time okay
the fbi we're good at connecting dots
and we are the [ __ ] dots
i'm warning you watch yourself because i
sure as hell
[Music]
11 days
what are you doing oh my gosh
why can't you tell me what the [ __ ] is
going on i'm lying to him
i'm lying to everyone all the time
places you don't have to lie to me
[Music]
god sees everything sooner or later
he'll bring the truth to light
you just have to have faith
i love you i love you too you guys want
to dance
oh my god do you see that we're in the
middle of something here read the room
[ __ ]
those girls look like they might kill
themselves maybe they want to get a nice
jig in before they jump off the bridge
i'm going to pioneer we made pie yeah
what kind jerry of course your favorite
i'm on a diet i gained 10 pounds off
this summer you look beautiful
i wish you would love yourself more i
don't care
if you care i get my kicks like a drum
[Music]
we're living on borrowed time dominance
we're just wallowing in our in our greed
and spiritual filth and now it's time to
pay where we're going to pay the price
okay
i don't mean to change the subject
somebody has your coffee buddy
have you had time to look at the menu
how are we going to prevent the vegans
of god
if we have no respect for human life
if she would have just let me race him
the way he should have been raised
maybe he would have ended up on the
bottom the way he did
ray he's a paranoid schizophrenic it's
not mom's fault
it's not anybody's fault
[Music]
there was an incident
please what'd you do
if i had kids i would not let this man
near my children
i'm probably more dangerous than he is
this guy is harmless
your brother was placed in a forensic
hospital because he's seriously mentally
ill
[Music]
i have to take care of my brother that's
just something that i have to do i have
to do it
don't you get it your mom is dying
i think you need to let go a little you
don't just give up on the people you
love
promise me dominic i'm gonna get you out
of here
a toast to my new wife the empress of
russia
[Applause]
it is no you don't talk my love oh of
course
must be an enormous responsibility and
honor to lead her country
of such import it's actually not that
hard i'm happy to hear
anyone's problems with me
don't worry about the bodies i would
like to be useful to russia
to help its greatness you'll bear my ass
there is no higher use rabbit
these sticks are to enhance your
fertility but i cannot work out whether
we wave them over your womb or insert
them into you
i'm pretty sure it's a wave them
situation
[Music]
together we could create a greater
russia i rule
you sir your bride is unhappy you must
clear the clouds we should find you a
lover
[Music]
ah he's marvelous
i like to be alone in the morning now we
shall create the day together with sunny
dispositions and fearless hearts
we shall discuss whether or not to kill
the empress she is a strange creature
who i sense is at times laughing at me
empress there are unhappy men here
looking for a leader
if the emperor dies russia goes to the
empress
[Music]
russia must be saved and i with it
i don't want to kill you you're not a
bad person i could kill you you are a
bad person
you're funny treason is what we're
discussing here
[Music]
this is a dangerous game do not worry
all is bliss in the court of catherine
the great
[Music]
do you mean touche
this is science enjoy
[Music]
jackie quinones tell me why you're here
i know where the rises
and i know where the sun sets
you know i found a dead body yesterday
no i didn't know that
it's like damn these white girls love
trouble
i used to fish the jane doe out of the
bay in provincetown
gun shot
found a dead body today want to buy me a
drink
do you think you have a drug and alcohol
problem
dreams that i used to dream
know anything about dead girl and pito
we're talking about a murder i just want
to know what happened
the body has nothing to do with you step
off
no mercy for an honest man
he comes back around i want you to get
close
it's a homicide investigation stay away
from my case
[Music]
i could have saved this girl
there's only one person you need to save
watch out diets coming in
i know where the sun rises
and i know where the sun
attention all passengers wilford
industries wishes you
good morning the temperature outside is
minus
119.6 degrees celsius
we are seven years eight months and 13
days from departure
mr wilford runs our train based on three
principles
work honor and order
people up train shoved us down here to
fend for ourselves
never forget who you are italy
our fortunes built this train and mr
wilford is losing control
they keep pushing and it's time we push
back
there's an idea traveling up train
it wants to set the train ablaze
and all it needs is a spark
order will be restored
sometimes you have to do something to
find it again
snow piercer is ours
won't you pass through that door
there's no turning back
[Music]
we gotta get you to a hospital no it's
over but
the justice society must live on someone
with a strength
i'll try not you definitely
not you
what are you doing nothing
all right give me that no the staff
picked me i finally know who i really am
i've got a costume in everything i'm
trying to protect you
the justice society couldn't defeat the
injustice aside
injustice society none of you are good
with names this isn't a joke courtney
you and i don't stand a chance against
him
stop trying to scare me
i'm not going to sit on the sidelines
i'm putting together
this new team to get justice this is our
[Music]
destiny
ah
star girl new series tuesday may 19th
stream free next day on the cw app
[Music]
everything all right miss what's your
name
i don't know what is your
address i don't know how about your
birthday
i don't know we're trying to understand
what happened to you
i knew something was wrong with me but i
couldn't explain it to anyone
it was like the people around me were
keeping a secret
like we were in a movie and everyone
knew we were in a movie except for me
if i did something wrong i have no idea
what it is
the complaint's been elevated there's
going to be an investigation
it was hard for me to come down here
okay
[Music]
there's no one i can
it's hard for me to talk about this i'm
sorry
jesus what you went through here i don't
know you better think trying to think
this is all critical military technology
they're in charge here whether we like
it or not and you like it
what was i doing why was i there it's
complicated
how did we get here what we did
no good can come of that but what if we
let the crazy world
[Music]
if you keep picking at this it's gonna
start bleeding
[Music]
when he gets here just count the dope
let me do the talker
you got it boss
you're early
uh who the hell are these guys you boys
lost
i'm ascension chronicom from the planet
chronica 2.
good for you now beat it before we make
you freaks regret being born
chronic homs are not born
warning you last chance pal
take em boys
what do you want
[Music]
your face
so you're saying to save shield we have
to save hydra
for the romney to what brings you here i
want to change
and i heard you can help me
speak the straightforward word brother
i i feel like i have this hole that i've
been trying to fill
are you praying five times a day he's
drinking all five times a day
[Music]
i've tried to fill it with sex but it
only makes things worse
i want you to be my teacher i want to
kill my ego
how do i know i'm not just another one
of your desires i don't want to have sex
with you
welcome to the path brother we always
talk about being muslim right
that means we got to help other people
[ __ ] wrong with you
your [ __ ] is really hot discipline
robbie
it's a muscle it's 20 20. they don't
want a man like me anymore they want a
man like you
a man who feels a little bit like a
woman but is still officially a man
i know i can be better look at
everything as a blessing my curse rodney
the truth is everything is both we are
forever bound
through love compassion honesty
i must know have you showered since you
last masturbated
oh boy with the he must come to allah
clean
uh um
everything that's good is muslim it's uh
it's muslim
soft s like uh [ __ ]
[ __ ] muslim yeah [ __ ] muslims i think
there's other ways to learn this though
[Music]
i love mornings in the park the light
through the trees
the birds and the squirrels it's
central park it's a haven it's a jewel
sir do not read up a statue i
love hot lips turtle head day more than
graffiti removal week oh i do love that
i should get going who's my special boy
me look at you you are my super your boy
too bad you can't just stick him back
up there huh what nothing i hate that
park
it's just a patch of dirt and weeds and
we're gonna bucket
we're gonna do the biggest real estate
deal in the history of the world
quick question over here betsy are you
wearing a dog
it's perfectly normal i'm not gonna lie
it's a little distracting no it's not
someone needs to protect the particle
it's impossible
nothing's impossible did your voice just
get really weird central park
how many times did you text them what
would you say is normal twice
oh no no no no
he's fine throw this see if he can get
it into the park
did you get it right where i wanted it
where else can your son
and daughter splash in dirty hot dog
water
give us a quick strike one from mama
come on are we dancing yeah we're
dancing is that dancing
i gotta knock these bozos wieners off
here at the mid point a park that's so
central the name's not that clever
but screw it whatever
good luck managing the park that's gonna
go great for you what's that supposed to
mean
[Music]
nerd
[Applause]
[Music]
you